+++
menu = ""
parent = "initiatives"
title = "99:1 Ministries"
type = "ministry"
weight = 10
contact_email = "99-1@abide.community"
header_image = "images/99-1_bg.jpg"
sub_background = "images/99-1_sub_background.jpg"
ministryname = "99:1 Ministries"
donorbox_id = "99-1"
ministrydescription = "Jeff and Anne Henderson"
ministryposition = "left"
mobile_background = "mobile background-center"
overview = "is a branch of Abide Ministries that exists to ensure that all are moved by God's love to live out the journey God has for them."
donate_in_order_to = "In order to ensure that all 99:1 Ministries encounters are moved by God's love"
website = ""
schedule = ""
+++

For over 30 years, Jeff and Anne Henderson have been speaking into the lives of people with the truth of God’s word.  By sharing practical life experience, teaching, and coaching, as well as through relational mentoring and discipleship God has allowed them to affect the lives of others in a beautiful way. Through these relationships and experiences, the dream to create 99:1 Ministries was born. 

Jeff and Anne are being led by God to begin a ministry that would seek to honor Jesus’ own heart - reaching out to the ones who need to know that the Father’s heart is for them. He seeks them as in the example of Luke 15:1-7, reaching out in every way possible to show them His great love for them. 

The goal of 99:1 Ministries is summed up in Ephesians 4:12-13: “...to equip his people for works of service, so that the body of Christ may be built up until we all reach unity in the faith and in the knowledge of the Son of God and become mature, attaining to the whole measure of the fullness of Christ.” 99:1 Ministries exists to ensure that all are moved by God's love to live out the journey God has for them. 

Jeff and Anne meet with people in their homes and a variety of places, wherever needed, to listen to, build up and empower each person to understand the love of the Father for them and the great power He has given for living, and overcoming life’s difficulties. The vision God has given them is to see every person walk in the depth of the Father’s love.